1. Move cryptography and data_base comm to the library project once implemented fully
2. Mobile comm daemon ( https reqs) - DONE
3. Signup process (starts with phone) - DONE
3.5 Sign in/up requests need to come from specific site - DONE
4. make shit CONST where it can be
5. all sensitive memory should be erased with explicit_bzero()
6. https daemon should also have support for user account creation from the app - DONE
7. make it so you can have 2 accounts udner 1 bastion account, switch between user id forwarded
8. Move shit to heap to avoid stack overflow, especially in queues
9. Server side "keep signed in", if sign in request is from same ip and < 30 or 60 days, approve without mobile approval
10. Everything goes int test, espcially cryptography
11. Spam filter, dont even send requests from random ip's. Use cloudflare too. If sus, ping phone in app but dont send push. Only push as notif if legit. Mark as weird if weird
12. Make sure to zero out any memory that previously held keys
13. Add threadsafe logger or mutex at least
14. Fix load issues
15. Give user choice of more secure or less secure recovery
16. Make sure auth token is stored hashed and enc with sym key on server side, super important - DONE
17. Check username isnt too long, some are null terminated in places, try and switch all to string. Also make username length max 2 less than bastion_username size
18. Prepend/Append unique id to usernames to help prevent accidental signins
19. It tries to store the device token like 20 times wtf
20. HUGE issue fix duplicate user ids in user and user_sec. Add new UUID field to username and return to client, NOT USERNAME!!
21. On the website dashboard the client should be able to set a pfp for their company that gets shown on the app
22. To avoid UWebsockets freeing memory still being used in a different thread upon socket closure, need to adjust to following flow:
    1. Check data for nullptr - return it true
    2. Make local copy on stack
    3. use this local copy
    4. recheck conndata for nullptr
    5. copy stack mem over to conndata
23. That previous method is beyond stupid, going to use a shared pointer ig. Fuck
    - add flag of when to abort, then return to make shared_ptr go out of scope

24. Make sure new device token is sent every app launch!!!
25. Build logger output namespace
26. Side note, need to make demo approval cdn window for development